ARROW-13612: [Python] Allow specifying a custom type for converting ExtensionScalar to python object (#13454)
apache/arrow: docs/source/python/extending_types.rst

The same ``__arrow_ext_class__`` specialization can be used with custom types defined
by subclassing :class:`ExtensionType`.

Custom scalar conversion
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If you want scalars of your custom extension type to convert to a custom type when
:meth:`ExtensionScalar.as_py()` is called, you can override the :meth:`ExtensionType.scalar_as_py()`
method. For example, if we wanted the above example 3D point type to return a custom
3D point class instead of a list, we would implement::

    Point3D = namedtuple("Point3D", ["x", "y", "z"])

    class Point3DType(pa.PyExtensionType):
        def __init__(self):
            pa.PyExtensionType.__init__(self, pa.list_(pa.float32(), 3))

        def __reduce__(self):
            return Point3DType, ()

>         def scalar_as_py(self, scalar):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        def scalar_as_py(self, scalar: ListScalar) -> Point3D:
```
maybe for clarity about types?

The same ``__arrow_ext_class__`` specialization can be used with custom types defined
by subclassing :class:`ExtensionType`.

Custom scalar conversion
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If you want scalars of your custom extension type to convert to a custom type when
:meth:`ExtensionScalar.as_py()` is called, you can override the :meth:`ExtensionType.scalar_as_py()`

> method. For example, if we wanted the above example 3D point type to return a tuple instead
> of a list, we would implement::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
method. For example, if we wanted the above example 3D point type to return a custom
3D point class instead of a list, we would implement::
```
